Feature: Store hank output in json file (#184)
AdRoll/rebar3_hank: README.md

Usage: rebar3 hank [-u <unused_ignores>]

  Usage: rebar3 hank [-u <unused_ignores>] [-o <output_json_file>]

  -u, --unused_ignores    Warn on unused ignores (default: true).

>   -o, --output_json_file  Emit output (in JSON format) to a file (default: empty string - meaning: donot emit output

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  -o, --output_json_file  Emit output (in JSON format) to a file (default: empty string - meaning: do not emit output).
```

```
By default, Hank will emit warnings such as the following ones if you are ignoring rules that you don't need to ignore (more on that below). But you can turn those warnings off, by using `--unused_ignores=no`.

It's worth noting that, even when those warnings are printed, that doesn't affect the overall result of the command. That is, if Hank can't find any instances of oxbow code, it will return successfully (i.e. `exit code: 0`) even when it may print these warnings.

> By default, if hank detect issues in your code, it will print those issue on the console. But you can save this result in JSON format,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, if Hank detects issues in your code, it will print those issues on the console. But you can save this result in a file (in JSON format),
```
